# Written Test - Case Study (15 min)

### A customer contacted you with the following needs:
"We'd like to manage the software training sessions given to our employees, partners customers."

"We have several types of training such as programming training for developers and a software training session for standard users.  We would also like the ability to add training and training types in the future without modifying our database structure."

* There is one and only one instructor responsible for each training
* The training(s) are planned at various days and times of the year
* Each given training has an instructor and a list of attendees.
* For each person recorded in the ERP (solution), we'd like to know their name, company, as well as the contact address and phone, email, mobile for their company.

"We want a simple objects model."

Complete the following steps for the customer (use the back of this page if needed):

### What would be some of the questions you would ask the customer to understand their business and to further support the design you would propose?
Need more details about point 2. It is a little confusing. Can you give some more examples?
Do you need more data for an instructor, or just their name will suffice?

### List your assumptions:
I am going to assume that they want to use the same training multiple times. So to make it more intuitive I'll make each training a unique ID, even though, it is the same training.
Each training have a unique name.

### Draw a DB/Object Schema (model) representing the application:
See 2.02 Case Study.pdf

### Draw some screens on how the application should look like and justify each step in a few words:
See 2.02 Case Study.pdf